Hey, Dad,
why'd you get a bag
of the big candy bars
for Halloween?
I told you fun-sized.
You and I might have
a different definition of "fun."
Louise and I lost our honeymoon
to roof repairs.
Big disappointments
require big candy.
Okay, well, enjoy the fun
of big diabetes.
Ah, screw it,
I'll join you.
So...how are things
at the hardware store?
I don't think
Ben's dating anyone,
which is what
you're really asking about,
but don't, because I don't
want to be in the middle.
No, I was asking about
the hardware store.
But since
you brought it up,
you could tell me if he has,
you know, sad eyes.
I don't even know
if he has eyes.
We're men. We don't look
in each other's eyes.
You've got to move on.
I know, I know.
See, this is why
I don't look in people's eyes.
You look sad.
You mind going in the kitchen
and doing that?
Don't bring those sad eyes
in here.
Sorry.
They've got to go somewhere.
So, how's Aldo?
He's still old,
he's still tattooed,
and I'm still into it.
Hey, we haven't even
talked about Aldo --
who, by the way,
will be 100
when you are in the prime
of your life at 81 --
so how about
we grab a bite
and discuss him calmly
over lunch?
There's nothing
to talk about.
Come on. There's this vegan
place I really want to try.
It's got this really cool,
Eastern Zen theme,
and there's a bookstore
that specializes
in spiritual wellness.
Oh, so it's kind of like
one-stop shopping for things
I find ridiculous.
I'm hoping to find
a book there
about how to not beat
my children
when they're dismissive
and insulting.
You know,
I was this close to going.
Really?
No.
Uh-uh-uh-uh.
I know this looks like
an abandoned house
from the outside,
but people actually live here,
so take your nonsense
elsewhere.
They're with me.
They're Aldo's kids,
Melvin and Marvin.
Oh.
Hi, I'm -- I'm Darlene.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, so this is the part
of the horror movie
where I know
something's terribly wrong,
but nobody else gets it.
You know, their predatory gaze
means they like you.
Why are you babysitting
his kids?
We don't need
a babysitter.
We just need somebody
to say we were here.
Delightful children.
Harris, this is crazy.
You're too young
to be playing stepmother.
Where is
their actual mother?
You know what?
I'm gonna go with "hiding."
She's not allowed
to watch them.
She's a drug addict.
Oh, well, that's not gonna be
a problem down the line.
Look, I don't have time
to argue.
I have to go walk
them through the metal
detector at school.
Oh, wow.
All the kids
have to do that now?
No.
-- Captions by VITAC --
**
You guys deserve
a honeymoon.
How would you like to go
on a photo safari of Kenya,
or travel on tall ships
in Amsterdam?
I'm not carrying around
some one-percenter's luggage
just so I can go someplace
I can't afford.
But if it's old people
looking for a caregiver couple,
I'll wipe a butt
for Amsterdam.
You don't have to wipe
anything.
All you have to do
is sit on the couch.
Yeah,
it's virtual reality.
Becky borrowed it from
somebody in her study
group for the week.
So, you just put
the goggles on,
go anywhere you want,
and it'll feel like
you're actually there.
I have stuff
in my medicine cabinet
that will also take me
anywhere I want.
It's already set up for
a canoe trip down the Amazon.
Enjoy your honeymoon.
Holy crap, Louise.
Are you seeing this?
It's amazing.
Of course
I'm seeing it.
I'm -- I'm sitting next to you
in the boat.
Oh!
Here comes a hippo!
Whoa! Take the woman!
Take my woman!
There's more meat
on the man!
Take him!
"Being Okay
Being Alone."
I read that.
Want some company?
Mm, chapter four says
I don't need it.
This place
is fantastic.
I found five books
that solve problems
I didn't even know I had.
Really? Only five?
Hi. I see you got
the jackfruit tacos.
That fills my heart
with joy.
Alright, I'm gonna stop you
right now.
This poor woman
doesn't want to be hit on
with your weird
jackfruit pickup line.
She's been through
a brutal divorce,
her teenage daughter is dating
a scary, tattooed, older guy,
so just back off,
let her eat
whatever the hell that is,
and find a book
that'll keep her from driving
into the headlights
of a semi.
I guess
I don't need to worry
about him hitting on me now,
do I?
Wait --
Wait a second.
Darlene?
Gale?
From high school?
"Pale Gale,
destined to fail"?
Gale was a sad,
wounded child.
And the mocking
didn't help.
It's okay.
It's River now.
Oh, yeah,
that's bulletproof.
Well, at least
you're not as pale anymore.
My eczema cream didn't allow me
to be in the sun.
Not all of us
were creatures of the light,
were we, "Darklene"?
We went through
every grade together.
I don't think we ever spoke
to each other.
Mnh-mnh.
So, uh,
what are you doing here?
I own the place.
Indoor job. Good call.
Wow. I am shocked.
You didn't seem
particularly enlightened
during the school's moment
of silence for Kurt Cobain.
He held a bullhorn to his ass
and yelled,
"I got something
that smells like teen spirit!"
I-I was desperate
for attention,
and if we're gonna be objective,
that got a fantastic laugh.
But while in
library detention,
I read a book
about the Dalai Lama,
and I found a road
to happiness.
Wow. Good for you.
Yeah, I'd brag about
what I've been doing,
but my aunt ruined that,
didn't she?
Well, I left out
that you're still living in
your childhood bedroom.
No, no, you didn't.
Ah.
Maybe I can find a book
that helps me stop blurting.
I'm a blurter.
Well,
I am really impressed,
and, uh,
it's really cool
that a book turned
your life around.
Maybe you could recommend
something for me.
Yeah, "Time to Stop Trying
and Get Happy"
is the name of a book
on Taoism.
It's about
the whole Eastern thing
about doing without trying.
It can change your life.
The author is giving
a lecture here tomorrow.
Oh. Well, I'll try
to make it.
As the Tao says,
don't try to make it
or you won't make it.
Just make it.
Wait. I'm not gonna have to
take my shoes off
and dance to a guy playing
a bamboo flute at me, am I?
No, no, of course not.
But they are gonna
strip you naked
and paint you
in owl's blood.
Okay, you better
be kidding.
Yeah, I better be.
No, really,
you better be.
Hey, I hope so, too.
Gale.
Okay, okay, I'm kidding.
See you tomorrow,
River.
Darklene.
This calamari's
made out of jicama.
It's so bad!
I knew it.
Damn that Hook.
[ Scottish accent ]
He won't rest till
he gets ya, Peter.
Oh, we had a little dust-up
during the game last night.
It turns out an illegal capacity
of hard-drinking Bears fans
don't like it when they get
cut off by a magical fairy.
Somebody grabbed my left wing,
so I had to get rough.
You know in the cartoons,
when you hit someone
with a frying pan,
their face becomes
the shape of the pan?
In real life, it's just teeth
and blood everywhere.
Oh. God.
Was Beverly Rose here?
Unfortunately,
she was.
The whole point
of me working here
was so
I could bring her with me.
Crazy drunks
ruin everything.
I mean,
I should know that.
What about Emilio
watching her?
I hate to ask him
for anything extra.
Even though our marriage
is a sham,
he's still crazy in love
with me.
Must be awful to be close
to someone this hot
and not be able
to have her.
Well, who knows?
Maybe Emilio's decided
to start going for
less delusional women.
You guys don't get
how hard it is
having someone love you
that much.
Yeah.
That's got to be tough,
having that beautiful hunk
of spicy Latin meat
in love with ya.
[ Chuckles ]
I mean,
I haven't tasted him,
but I imagine
he tastes like that.
You know,
there's only so long
I can get away with
telling people
Look at us.
A mother and son
spending a Saturday together
at a lecture.
Enjoy it while you can,
because all the books say
I'm gonna turn on you soon.
Well, please wait
as long as possible.
I can only battle
one kid at a time.
I can't believe Harris
doesn't see
that this guy Aldo
is just using her.
Okay, let's finish our tea
and we'll start in a second.
I really want to ask something,
but I don't like the idea
of opening myself up in front
of a bunch of strangers.
A stranger
is just a friend
who hasn't laughed
at your stupid question yet.
Uh, Joanne?
Just a quick question.
How can I use Taoism to become
a less negative person?
I'm asking for my son.
And what's your name?
My name is Darlene.
Very modern.
Well, Darlene...
negativity comes from
trying to hold onto things
in a world
that is constantly changing.
When you understand that,
you'll let go and begin to flow
with Chi and not against it.
That's just
giving into everything.
For example,
if there's a 19-year-old girl
that wants to date
a 38-year-old man,
am I just supposed to go
with the flow with that?
Did I say that how you
whispered it to me, Darlene?
"Giving in"
isn't weakness.
Like in kung fu,
sometimes we retreat
and then use the opponent's
momentum against them.
We let them continue in
the direction they want to go,
and that throws them
off balance.
Yeah,
that's really interesting.
Uh, Darlene,
did you want to ask Joanne
how Tao
can help keep you
from driving away
everyone you love?
Nope.
Darlene's good.
Not holding onto things,
ready to flow on out to the car
and listen to the radio.
**
How's our honeymoon
going?
Amazing!
I'm in the Florida Keys.
Join me.
Nah, I'm over it.
Oh! Ooh!
This is gonna be a big one.
We're gonna be eating good
tonight.
Yeah, if you'd put
that thing down,
get off your ass,
and take me out to dinner.
You put your goggles on,
I'll take you to Germany
for Oktoberfest.
Oh, my God!
Oh!
Look at the size
of this thing!
Take a picture.
Click.
Got it.
Hey, Emilio.
I didn't know
you were still here.
Took me a while
to get Beverly Rose to sleep.
I was reading her
the instructions
of my new convection oven.
There's a real twist
at the end.
You can do pizza.
[ Chuckles ]
Blew her mind.
[ Both chuckle ]
Hey, I got to ask you
a favor.
Now that The Lunch Box
is serving alcohol,
we got to come up with
a new schedule to watch her.
You ever heard of a joke
that starts with
"A baby walks
into a bar"?
No.
Well, there's a reason.
Well, I can fill in
the gaps.
And when I have to work,
Gabriela can keep an eye
on her.
She's great with kids.
Gabriela?
Is that one of your cousins?
She's, uh...
How do you say
in English?
I've been dating her exclusively
for three months.
Wow.
You have a girlfriend?
You and I agreed that we
should be dating other people.
I didn't tell you
about Gabriela
because I wanted to wait
until it was a real thing.
Oh, okay.
But I need to know
if she's responsible enough
to watch my child.
She has cousins
she babysits all the time.
Okay.
Uh, follow-up question --
is she pretty?
Why do you care?
Well, I'm a mother,
and I want to keep
my baby safe,
you know,
from ugly people.
I am only attracted to
beautiful, smart women.
Should you really be flirting
with your wife
when you've got a girlfriend
at home?
**
So, this engaged couple's
getting inked.
She's in Harris' chair
getting a screaming
corpse bride on a bike,
and he's in mine
getting a tattoo of Scooter,
obviously the most epic
Muppet of all.
And I look over
at Harris,
and I get lost
in her eyes,
and suddenly,
Scooter has a demon tail.
[ Laughing ] What?
Pretty classic meet-cute.
Your eyes met,
and you made a permanent mistake
on another human being.
Mm-hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, my God.
You got to try
these taquitos.
[ Chuckles ]
So good, huh?
Mm-hmm.
[ Both laugh ]
Anyway, um, I-I know that
I haven't seemed supportive
about your relationship,
but I'm getting into
Eastern philosophy,
and I am trying to be more like
water and flow with things.
Wait, not trying to be.
I am water.
I dig that.
The whole Eastern thing's
super legit, and I'm into it.
Aldo has a Chinese dragon tattoo
that starts on his thigh
and it wraps around --
Yeah,
and it works its way
all the way around
to my --
Yeah, it's okay.
I don't need to know
where the dragon goes.
So, what are you saying?
Are you okay with us?
I am.
And I-I can see how much
you guys care about each other.
Since the momentum
is going that way,
I want you to know
that you would have my blessing
if you wanted to
move in together.
Well, it's kind of
a giant step.
I'm ready.
Are you sure?
Uh, she said she's ready, Aldo.
Aren't you?
I-I mean,
a commitment right now
would really tell Harris
that your relationship
is super legit.
Well, o-okay.
T-To be honest...
you beat me to it.
Harris, here is a key
to my place.
Oh, my God!
That's so amazing!
Oh, man.
The boys are gonna be
so stoked.
Man, they need
a role model,
'cause yours truly
ain't cuttin' it.
Ah.
Well, what do you guys say
we all get 'faced, huh?
Mm! Mm!
Wow.
I-I didn't think
you had it in you.
Thank you so much.
Are you honestly gonna move in
with that guy?
You've known him for
like 10 minutes.
You're gonna be at home
watching his kids,
and crackhead mom's gonna
come flying through the window
and latch onto your leg
like a rabid weasel.
What the hell?
You were the one
who said to move in.
What's your problem?
I was tricking you.
I just did it badly.
I was hoping
that if I tried
to convince you guys
to move in together,
Aldo would bail, and you would
see him for who he is.
I do see him
for who he really is --
a great guy
who wants to be with me.
And I see you
as the same
controlling old goblin
you've always been.
Uh, you know,
you're raising children now.
Dinner's gonna be late.
I was shaking it
for beads at Mardi Gras
when I remembered
I had food cooking.
Pass.
I have to go over to Emilio's
to pick up Beverly Rose anyway.
How's that working out?
Well,
I'm kind of freaked out
about his girlfriend
watching the baby.
I don't know why.
I'm comfortable
leaving her here
with you backwoods
squirrel-eaters.
You sure that's all
that's bothering you?
Well, I've never even met
this woman.
All I know
is that she's pretty.
Pretty, huh?
How do you feel
about that?
Well, I'm not jealous.
I didn't want to be
with him.
Right.
But now maybe you're afraid
you can never be with him.
He was kinda
your backup plan.
No, he wasn't.
Really?
You guys share Beverly Rose,
he's a great guy,
he's good-looking,
and you're married.
Okay,
maybe it crossed my mind
that now that I'm not
having drunken one-night stands,
I might be
a little pickier,
and have trouble
finding the right guy.
Oh, crap.
I lost my backup plan.
Don't worry.
You'll find
the right person.
I didn't know
Louise was out there,
and then
there was Louise.
And here's
more good news.
You don't look as old
as you are.
You still got
five, seven, three years
before you have to settle.
I'd rather be alone
than be with someone
I don't really love.
Good for you.
I'm a college girl.
I'm hot.
And as soon as I'm sober
for a year,
I can start dating again.
Mm.
I'd still be aggressive
with that timeframe.
Love ya, baby.
I want my money back.
I'm feeling a lot
of negative energy right here.
I did everything
the speaker said.
I used the kung fu retreat
and momentum thing
to trick my kid into
getting rid of her boyfriend,
and now they're
living together.
In Taoism, when somebody tries
to push too hard,
it just leads
to frustration.
Yeah, yeah.
Is there anything
in this dumb store
that I can use
to trick my kid?
I think I have something
for you.
It's the Tao Te Ching.
It helped me find peace
with all my relationships.
I think it could help you,
too.
What about
some of these crystals?
Can't I just put
a few of these in a sock
and beat Aldo until he
doesn't recognize my daughter?
Man,
I hope you're kidding.
I hope so, too.
Just use the book.
Mm.
I'm gonna need a bigger sock,
but okay.
Whoa!
I heard the women on the beaches
of Ibiza are gorgeous,
but this redhead is beyond
anything I've ever seen.
Oh, my God!
It's my wife!
I'm the luckiest man
on Earth!
I'm gonna take her
to the French Riviera.
Alright.
These things are starting
to freak me out.
What is going on?
It's nice in here.
I want you to join me.
In the real world,
we have a hole in the roof
and I can't afford to take
my wife on a honeymoon.
You deserve better.
Well, of course I do.
But I don't need to go
to fancy places with you.
I have fun with you
wherever we go.
You have fun at Costco?
I especially like
when you change hats
and keep going back
to the sample guy.
It's a rush.
Look, if we want to have
a honeymoon,
all we have to do
is close our eyes
and use
our imagination.
Let's make love
on the beach at Aruba.
I almost smell
the ocean.
Oh, that's that sardine I lost
in the comforter last night.
I love you.
[ Crowd cheering
on television ]
How can I help
you fellas?
Marvin:
Harris left us alone.
You have to help us
build a chicken slingshot.
Yes. I'll help you
hurt my chickens.
But first, you boys
have to help me dig
two child-sized holes
in the backyard
and lay in them to make sure
I measured them correctly.
Deal?
[ Laughs maniacally ]